>> Steve Kinney: And you can see
that this action is flowing through.
And it's actually flowing
through the list reduce,
cuz that's where we have the console log.
Luckily we're gonna need to
actually deal with it there.
We're gonna need to deal with this action
in two places, the card reducer and
the list reducer.
But you're gonna see it's flowing
through that one, we have our payload.
Everything's kind of like hooked up.
We're done with the react portion of this.
The rest of this all
happens now in Redux land,
because React is already made aware
of when any of the state changes.
It's been able to tell Redux,
we just need to tell Redux,
hey, a thing happened, can you update the
state of our application to reflect that?
And I'll be like, yeah,
sure can if you just tell me how to do it.
So go into the card reducer first.
>> Steve Kinney: Instead of just console
logging for funsies, let's go ahead and
check.
All right, we'll say,
>> Steve Kinney: If
the action.type is CARD_CREATE,
and we will refactor this
to a constant in a second, but
let's just get it working first.
We'll grab the card and the cardId from
the payload,
>> Steve Kinney: And
then we'll return,
>> Steve Kinney: Entities, right,
cuz card has entities and
it has IDs, right.
Return entities is all of the other
cards.entities, right,
that was already in state.
And we'll add a new one with the cardId,
and that will be our new card, right.
So previously we had keys that were
the IDs of each card and the values.
We're just adding a new key for
the new card ID and
a new value as the card data, right.
This syntax effectively just allows
you to have a variable in an object,
as an object key rather.
>> Steve Kinney: Right, and then we also
just need to add it to the array of IDs.
>> Steve Kinney: This isn't actually used
in our current version of the application.
We can either spread it, but
if we wanna have an all cards view,
we would need this, right.
And so we're just kinda being
forward thinking for our friends,
which would be cards.ids
plus this new cardId.
You also could use a radar concate and
just concate it on as well.
I like the consistency of this syntax.
I don't have to think about object out
of sign versus the radar concate between
the two of them, I just spread stuff and
it works in both.
But depending on your babel settings and
what browsers you're targeting,
this is still relatively new syntax.
So for a while we weren't able to
use it cuz we just didn't have
the right setup for it, but we do now so
we're ready to rock and roll.
Now this will go ahead and create a card,
we should be able to see that.
Let's just verify before
we get too deep in here.
We'll see more done.
And this is very important.
Now you'll notice it didn't show up,
right, cuz it's been added to our state.
>> Steve Kinney: If we go to the cards,
you can see that there's
now four different IDs.
We've got the, let's just go to the state,
go cards, entities,
I don't know which one is the newest one,
pretty sure it's this one.
More done, this is very important.
It's added to the state, but it's not on
the list yet because we just have to,
the list goes through its array of
card IDs and does each one of them.
So we actually need to listen
to this action in two places,
which is totally doable.
>> Steve Kinney: So
we'll go into the list reducer, and
what we're gonna say is, all right.
>> Steve Kinney: Actual,
spellcheck was helpful there for my typo.
CARD_CREATE, and
we'll say we need a few things.
We need the,
>> Steve Kinney: Card ID from the,
actually we can grab this separately,
we'll say, grab the card ID.
We'll go and
grab the list ID from the action.payload.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll grab the,
we got a new set of entities.
So remember, we can't just
modify the list.entities, right.
We need to return a new object so
that when Redux says,
here's the new state of the world,
React goes, this is a different object.
So we're basically gonna make
a copy of list.entities.
Effectively it's just a clone.
>> Steve Kinney: Call this entities.
>> Steve Kinney: And
then we'll say on this new one,
>> Steve Kinney: Find the list ID.
>> Steve Kinney: Spread out
that entire singular list.
And if this makes you wanna cry,
we'll talk about how to
abstract this in a second.
Take all the other properties,
but replace the cards.
>> Steve Kinney: I'll
use concat this time.
>> Steve Kinney: Right, so
this is basically creating a new list
that is going to a new set of lists.
And then what we're able to do
in here is we'll just say return
all the other lists or
the list, the IDs effectively.
>> Steve Kinney: So honestly,
I'm confused by this.
Also that semi colon is not
gonna make us happy later.
Go ahead and
we should see it show up on the page.
>> Steve Kinney: Great,
now the fact of the matter is,
we're gonna have to write gnarly
code like that all the time.
You have a choice, you can use mutable JS,
totally, or Mori or
any of those libraries.
Again, you pay the cost of not necessarily
having regular JavaScript objects anymore,
which might be scary,
might just be too big a refactor for you.
The other option is to create yourself
some helper functions that make this
effectively less bad.
They basically abstract this away,
cuz we're gonna be doing
this all over the place.
It'd be cool to just say, hey,
I'd love to just be able to go ahead and
change this property and give, do all the
making of the new objects for me, right.
Sometimes you can't avoid gnarly code, but
if you can abstract your
way it's not as bad.
Low dash has a separate version for
functional programming.
Functional programming is
all about immutability.
And there's a version of that,
of their set helper, where
basically you give it the property chain
that you're looking for in the new value.
And it basically creates the new
objects along the way for you.